That's right. That's right.
Liangjia is worthy of being the largest wealthy family in Dongyuan City
You can even get your hands on this kind of thing
It really opened my eyes to the old man
Hahaha old man
How much do you think this diamond is worth?
horseback riding
Two billion 2 billion
If you don't shoot
Start at least 2.5 billion at a low price
What? What?
What does Mr. Sheng say now?
willing to admit defeat
Nothing to say.
Well, in that case
Fulfill the bet?
want
You don't want to default, do you?
Fart, you're not even sexy
Dare to say that to my sage
Tell you
Always a bunch
Bring your people
Come to the company to sign a contract
Then I would like to thank the auction house sent by Mr. Sheng
And antiques have changed
Wait a minute.
Liang Shao is a little anxious
I haven't seen my stuff yet
You're not crazy, are you?
There are these two things first
What's so great about your crafts?
It's not a shame to take it out
Bring it over.